.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH ANVIL 1 2026-05-22 "Anvil 2.2.19" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
anvil \- AI coding assistant (interactive REPL, one\-shot prompts, MCP server).
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBanvil\fR [\fB\-\-model\fR] [\fB\-\-output\-format\fR] [\fB\-\-permission\-mode\fR] [\fB\-\-dangerously\-skip\-permissions\fR] [\fB\-\-allowedTools\fR] [\fB\-\-resume\fR] [\fB\-c\fR|\fB\-\-continue\fR] [\fB\-\-first\-run\fR] [\fB\-\-setup\fR] [\fB\-\-check\fR] [\fB\-\-update\fR] [\fB\-\-emit\-schema\fR] [\fB\-\-uninstall\fR] [\fB\-\-profile\fR] [\fB\-\-plugin\-dir\fR] [\fB\-\-plugin\-url\fR] [\fB\-\-plugin\-sha256\fR] [\fB\-\-print\fR] [\fB\-p \fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] [\fIprompt\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
anvil is an interactive AI coding assistant. Run it inside a workspace to chat with an LLM that can read, edit, and run code in that workspace; route prompts through providers like Anthropic, OpenAI, xAI, Ollama, and more; switch models mid\-session; persist sessions across restarts; SSH to remote hosts from inside the same TUI; manage credentials in an encrypted vault; install plugins (agents, skills, MCP servers); and stream results to a remote web viewer. Anvil is shipped by Culpur Defense — source at https://github.com/culpur/anvil, releases at https://anvilhub.culpur.net/anvil/releases.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-model\fR \fI<MODEL>\fR
Override the active model. Accepts provider\-prefixed forms like anthropic:claude\-sonnet\-4\-6, openai:gpt\-5, xai:grok\-4, ollama:qwen3\-coder, or a bare model name.
.TP
\fB\-\-output\-format\fR \fI<FORMAT>\fR
For non\-interactive use. `text` (default) prints plain output; `json` emits a stream of JSON events suitable for scripts.
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
text
.IP \(bu 2
json
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-permission\-mode\fR \fI<MODE>\fR
Set the default permission posture. ask = confirm each tool call (safest); workspace\-write = auto\-allow edits inside the workspace; danger\-full\-access = no prompts. Toggle at runtime with /permissions.
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
ask
.IP \(bu 2
workspace\-write
.IP \(bu 2
danger\-full\-access
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-dangerously\-skip\-permissions\fR
Skip every permission check for this run. Equivalent to \-\-permission\-mode=danger\-full\-access. Use only when you fully trust both the model and the prompt.
.TP
\fB\-\-allowedTools\fR \fI<TOOLS>\fR
Restrict which built\-in tools the assistant may invoke. Repeatable or comma\-separated. Aliases like Read, Edit, Bash work alongside fully\-qualified names.
.TP
\fB\-\-resume\fR [\fI<PATH_OR_SESSION>...\fR]
Load and continue an existing session. A path opens that JSON file; a bare token resolves against ~/.anvil/sessions/. With no argument, resumes the most\-recent session.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-continue\fR
Resume the most\-recently\-saved session.
.TP
\fB\-\-first\-run\fR
Force the first\-run setup wizard, even if ~/.anvil/config.json already exists.
.TP
\fB\-\-setup\fR
Run the post\-install setup wizard (same as the `anvil setup` subcommand). Used by installer scripts.
.TP
\fB\-\-check\fR
Run preflight self\-checks (same as `anvil doctor` / `anvil check`).
.TP
\fB\-\-update\fR
Self\-update to the latest GitHub release. Verifies SHA256 before replacing the binary.
.TP
\fB\-\-emit\-schema\fR
Print the JSON Schema for ~/.anvil/config.json to stdout, then exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-uninstall\fR
Uninstall the anvil binary and optionally remove ~/.anvil/.
.TP
\fB\-\-profile\fR \fI<NAME>\fR
Activate a configuration profile for this session. Lower precedence than the ANVIL_PROFILE env var when both are set.
.TP
\fB\-\-plugin\-dir\fR \fI<PATH>\fR
Load a plugin from a local directory or .zip archive for the current session only.
.TP
\fB\-\-plugin\-url\fR \fI<URL>\fR
Fetch a plugin .zip from an https URL for the current session. Pair with \-\-plugin\-sha256 to verify the download.
.TP
\fB\-\-plugin\-sha256\fR \fI<HEX>\fR
SHA\-256 checksum for the most recent (or next) \-\-plugin\-url. Required when the installed requirements.toml policy gates URL plugin loads.
.TP
\fB\-\-print\fR
Force non\-interactive output (Claude\-CLI compatibility flag).
.TP
\fB\-p\fR \fI<PROMPT>...\fR
Run a one\-shot prompt and exit (Claude\-CLI compatibility flag). The remainder of the command line is treated as the prompt.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.TP
[\fIprompt\fR]
Prompt to run as a one\-shot turn, or a known subcommand (prompt, login, logout, init, setup, check, upgrade, uninstall, sessions, continue, resume, system\-prompt, agents, skills, skill\-eval, model, project, mcp\-server, emit\-schema).
.SH VERSION
v2.2.19
.SH AUTHORS
Culpur Defense <https://culpur.net>

.\" anvil.1.tail — hand-curated free-form manpage sections.
.\"
.\" Appended verbatim to OUT_DIR/anvil.1 by crates/anvil-cli/build.rs.  The
.\" clap-rendered portion above this point covers NAME, SYNOPSIS, DESCRIPTION,
.\" and OPTIONS; everything below is content clap can't model from the
.\" Command alone — slash-command reference, environment, files, examples,
.\" etc.  Edit this file when adding new top-level features; build.rs picks
.\" up the change via `cargo:rerun-if-changed=../../man/anvil.1.tail`.
.SH MODES
.TP
.B Interactive REPL
.RB "Default mode when " anvil
is invoked without a prompt argument.
Renders a TUI with tabs, scrollback, an input box, slash commands, and live
streaming of model output.
Mouse capture defaults to OFF on every platform.
.TP
.B One\-shot
.RB "Pass " "PROMPT" " as a positional argument or with " "anvil prompt \(dq...\(dq"
to run a single turn and exit.
Combine with
.B \-\-output\-format=json
for programmatic consumption.
.TP
.B MCP server
.B "anvil mcp\-server"
runs Anvil as a Model Context Protocol server, exposing its tools to other
MCP\-capable clients.
.TP
.B Doctor / Init / Login / Setup
.B "anvil doctor"
and
.B "anvil check"
run preflight self\-checks.
.B "anvil init"
scaffolds ANVIL.md and per\-workspace state.
.B "anvil login"
walks you through OAuth or API\-key login per provider.
.B "anvil setup"
runs the post\-install configuration wizard.
.SH NAVIGATION
The interactive TUI is keyboard\-driven; mouse capture is OFF by default and
must be enabled per\-session via
.B /mouse-capture on
or persistently in
.BR ~/.anvil/config.json:tui_mouse_capture .
.SS Tabs
.TP
.B F2 / F3
Previous / next tab (works in every terminal, including Apple Terminal).
.TP
.B Ctrl+T / Ctrl+W
New tab / close active tab.
.TP
.B Ctrl+Left / Ctrl+Right
Previous / next tab (most terminals; some emulators swallow Ctrl+arrow).
.TP
.B Ctrl+1 ... Ctrl+9
Jump to tab N (iTerm2, Ghostty; not Apple Terminal).
.TP
.B Alt+1 ... Alt+9
Jump to tab N (works in Apple Terminal too).
.TP
.B Click a tab label
Switch to that tab (when mouse capture is on).
.TP
.B "Click \(mu next to a tab"
Close that tab (only visible when more than one tab is open).
.SS Layouts
.TP
.B /layout "[NAME]"
Save, recall, or list saved layouts (named arrangements of tabs and their
associated sessions).
.B "/layout save NAME"
captures the current tab set;
.B "/layout NAME"
restores it;
.B "/layout list"
enumerates saved layouts in
.BR ~/.anvil/layouts/ .
.SS Parallel inference
Each tab runs its own conversation thread independently.
Sending a prompt in Tab\~1 and then switching to Tab\~2 to send another results in
both turns streaming concurrently \(em there is no global lock on inference.
Tab labels show a
.B *
suffix when the tab has unread output, and a
.B \(aw
suffix when the tab's worker is waiting for a permission decision.
.SS Permission modal
When a tool call requires elevated permissions the TUI renders a modal overlay
for the active tab.
Background tabs that have a pending permission request display the
.B \(aw
marker in the tab bar.
Switch to the tab to reveal the modal and answer:
.TP
.B y / Enter
Allow the action once.
.TP
.B a
Allow always for this session.
.TP
.B n / Esc
Deny the action.
.SS Input
.TP
.B Enter
Submit the current input as a prompt.
.TP
.B Shift+Enter / Ctrl+J
Insert a newline.
.TP
.B Tab
Trigger slash\-command completion.
.TP
.B Ctrl+C
On empty input: press twice within 1 second to exit. With input: clear the line.
.TP
.B Ctrl+U / Ctrl+K
Kill text before / after the cursor.
.TP
.B Ctrl+A / Ctrl+E
Jump to start / end of input.
.TP
.B Up / Down
Walk command history (or scroll chat when input is empty).
.TP
.B Esc
Cancel an in\-flight assistant response.
.SS Scrolling
.TP
.B PageUp / PageDown
Page through scrollback.
.TP
.B "Mouse wheel"
Scroll chat or scrollable dialogs (when mouse capture is on).
.TP
.B End
Snap back to live bottom.
.SS Inside an /ssh tab
.TP
.B Ctrl+B then key
SSH\-mode escape prefix (like tmux). A digit jumps tabs; q closes the SSH tab.
.TP
All other keys are forwarded to the remote shell.
.SH SLASH COMMANDS
Type a slash at the start of the input line to invoke a command.
.B /help
shows the full list and per\-command help. The most frequently used:
.TP
.B /help "[COMMAND]"
Browse all slash commands or get help for a specific one.
.TP
.B /status
Inspect session, workspace, model, permission mode, and recent activity.
.TP
.B /model "[NAME]"
List or switch models. Includes tab completion of installed models and a
live provider \fI/models\fR refresh on first TAB.
.TP
.B /permissions "[MODE]"
Inspect or change permission mode.
.TP
.B /compact
Compact the current conversation by summarising older turns to free up context.
.TP
.B /clear
Clear the active tab's scrollback and conversation state.
.TP
.B /tab "NAME"
Rename the active tab; with no name, opens a tab\-management picker.
.TP
.B /layout "[save NAME | NAME | list]"
Manage named tab layouts (see NAVIGATION above).
.TP
.B /diff
Show the diff of file edits made during the active session.
.TP
.B /fork
Branch the current session into a new tab from the current turn.
.TP
.B /rename
Rename the persisted session.
.TP
.B /vim
Toggle vim\-style modal editing in the input line.
.TP
.B /ssh "[ALIAS | user@host[:port] | save NAME]"
Open a new SSH tab. With no arguments, prompts for connection details in a
modal form. With an alias, loads from the vault. With
.BR "save " "NAME ,"
persists the active SSH tab's destination + auth under that alias.
See
.B SSH CLIENT
below.
.TP
.B /mcp "[list | add | rm | test | builder]"
Manage MCP server registrations.
.B /mcp builder
launches the interactive MCP Builder UI for composing a new MCP server config
(transport, command, env, alwaysLoad).
.TP
.B /memory "[show | edit | reflect]"
Inspect or update Anvil's per\-workspace memory layer.
.B show
prints the active memory bundle (ANVIL.md, project memory, daily summaries);
.B edit
opens the editable layer;
.B reflect
forces a reflective\-memory pass over the current session.
.TP
.B /ollama "[list | show | ps | tune | option | policy | pull | rm | cp | create | bench | requantize]"
Manage the local Ollama daemon: list models, tune options, run benchmarks,
pull / remove / copy / create models, requantize.
.TP
.B /knowledge "[review | list]"
Manage the auto\-detected learning nominations queue (project patterns,
conventions, infrastructure facts) and promote them to CLAUDE.md or QMD.
.TP
.B /daily "[YYYY\-MM\-DD]"
Show today's auto\-generated session summary, or a specific day's.
.TP
.B /usage
View cost and token usage (consolidates the older /cost and /stats).
.TP
.B /vault "[setup | list | get | put | rm | rotate]"
Manage the encrypted credential vault.
.TP
.B /agent "[list | compose | rm | traits]"
Manage agent compositions (trait\-based subagents).
.TP
.B /skill "[list | suggest | install | rm | disable]"
Manage skills (auto\-suggested context bundles).
.TP
.B /routine "[list | add | rm | run | enable | disable]"
Manage scheduled local agents (routines) executed by the on\-disk
Routines daemon. Each routine is a cron\-style entry under
.BR ~/.anvil/routines/ .
.TP
.B /think
Toggle extended\-thinking mode for models that support it.
.TP
.B /remote\-control
Open a remote control session: stream the active turn to a web viewer URL.
.TP
.B /init
Scaffold ANVIL.md in the current workspace (mirrors the
.B anvil init
subcommand).
.TP
.B /doctor
Run preflight self\-checks from inside the TUI.
.TP
.B /reset
Reset the active tab's session (preserves the tab itself).
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B ANVIL_HOME
Override the location of Anvil's state directory. Defaults to
.B ~/.anvil.
.TP
.B ANVIL_PROFILE
Activate a configuration profile. Overridden by the
.B \-\-profile
flag when both are set.
.TP
.B ANVIL_TUI_MOUSE
.B 1|true|yes|on
enables mouse capture (default is OFF on every platform). Any falsey value,
or unset, leaves mouse capture off. The first\-run wizard stores a default at
.BR ~/.anvil/config.json:tui_mouse_capture ;
this env var, if set, wins over that.
.TP
.B ANVIL_OUTPUT_STYLE
Override the active output style. Built\-in values include
.B precise
(default) and
.B condensed.
Per\-session change with the
.B /output\-style
command.
.TP
.B ANVIL_EFFORT
Override the effort / reasoning slider for models that support it. Values
.B minimal, low, medium, high.
.TP
.B ANVIL_AI_AGENT
Set the user\-agent identifier reported to upstream providers.
.TP
.B ANVIL_HIDE_CWD
Hide the working directory from the status line.
.TP
.B ANVIL_DISABLE_UPDATES
Disable the daily update check.
.TP
.B ANVIL_FORCE_SYNC
Force the next stream to use non\-streaming mode (debugging aid).
.TP
.B ANTHROPIC_API_KEY, OPENAI_API_KEY, XAI_API_KEY
Direct API keys, used when the vault is locked or unset.
.TP
.B OLLAMA_HOST
Override the URL for the local Ollama daemon. Defaults to
.B http://localhost:11434.
.TP
.B HTTPS_PROXY, HTTP_PROXY, NO_PROXY
Standard proxy variables, honored for all outbound HTTP.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.anvil/
Anvil's per\-user state directory (override with
.BR ANVIL_HOME ).
.TP
.B ~/.anvil/config.json
First\-run setup output. Stores
.B default_model, default_provider, provider_priority, providers,
.BR thinking_enabled , " tui_mouse_capture" , " theme" , " permission_mode" ,
.BR active_profile .
.TP
.B ~/.anvil/credentials.json
Plaintext API keys. Only written when the vault setup step is skipped.
.TP
.B ~/.anvil/vault/
AES\-256\-GCM encrypted credential store.
Argon2id KDF; master password is never persisted.
.TP
.B ~/.anvil/sessions/
Per\-session JSON files. Loaded by
.B \-\-resume
and
.B \-\-continue.
.TP
.B ~/.anvil/nominations/
Learning nominations awaiting review.
Promoted entries land in
.B CLAUDE.md
or the QMD index.
.TP
.B ~/.anvil/private/
Encrypted private project memory (infrastructure details that are sensitive
but not credentials, like internal hostnames or deploy paths).
.TP
.B ~/.anvil/daily/
Auto\-generated daily session summaries.
.TP
.B ~/.anvil/layouts/
Named tab layouts saved via
.BR "/layout save" .
.TP
.B ~/.anvil/routines/
On\-disk routines (scheduled agents) consumed by the Routines daemon.
.TP
.B ~/.anvil/memory/
Multi\-layer memory store (sensory, working, episodic, semantic, procedural,
reflective, long\-term).
.TP
.B ~/.anvil/skills/, ~/.anvil/agents/, ~/.anvil/plugins/, ~/.anvil/mcp-servers/
Per\-user skill / agent / plugin / MCP server installs.
.TP
.B ~/.anvil/profiles/
Per\-profile configuration overrides activated by
.BR \-\-profile " or " ANVIL_PROFILE .
.TP
.B ANVIL.md, CLAUDE.md
Per\-workspace knowledge files Anvil reads on session start.
.B ANVIL.md
is the preferred name;
.B CLAUDE.md
is read for compatibility.
.TP
.B settings.json, requirements.toml
Per\-workspace overrides and plugin\-install policy (placed in the workspace
root).
.SH VAULT
The vault is the canonical store for sensitive data.
.B "anvil setup"
walks you through creating one;
.B /vault
manages it from inside the TUI.
Encryption is AES\-256\-GCM with an Argon2id\-derived key.
The master password is requested once per session and held in memory.
API keys, SSH key passphrases, and saved SSH aliases live here.
.SH SSH CLIENT
.B /ssh
opens an in\-tab SSH connection backed by russh (no shell\-out).
With no arguments, a modal form prompts for host, port, user, auth method,
and optional alias. Auth methods:
.B Agent
(uses your running SSH agent),
.B Key file
(a path or bare filename resolved against
.BR ~/.ssh/ ),
.B Password,
and
.B Keyboard\-interactive.
The form's
.B [Browse \(ti/.ssh]
button (or Ctrl+F shortcut) opens a filterable picker over your
.B ~/.ssh
directory. Successful connections can be persisted to the vault as named
aliases for one\-command reconnect.
While in an SSH tab,
.B Ctrl+B
is the escape prefix (like tmux): a digit jumps tabs,
.B q
closes the SSH tab. Window resize events are forwarded to the remote shell.
.SH SKILLS, AGENTS, AND HOOKS
.SS Skills
Skills are reusable context bundles with front\-matter triggers.
Anvil auto\-suggests skills when their triggers match the conversation;
the user accepts via
.B /skill suggest
or auto\-promotes via the
.B "suggest\-not\-auto"
policy. Install user skills under
.B ~/.anvil/skills/,
plugin skills are embedded at build time, and workspace skills can live in
.B .anvil/skills/.
.SS Agents
Agents are trait\-composed subagents with their own system prompt, tools,
permission mode, and shared context. Compose with
.B /agent compose
or via plugin manifests.
.B /agent traits
prints the trait library and which agents inherit each one.
.SS Hooks
Hooks fire on lifecycle events (PreTurn, PostTurn, PreCompact, PostCompact,
PreToolCall, PostToolCall, SessionStart, SessionEnd, ...). They can run
shell commands or invoke MCP tools directly (type=mcp_tool). Configured in
.B settings.json
or
.B ~/.anvil/hooks/.
.SS Plugins
Plugins bundle skills, agents, hooks, and MCP servers under one manifest.
Install from a directory with
.B "anvil plugin install DIR,"
from a zip with
.B "\-\-plugin\-dir FILE.zip,"
or for one session with
.BR "\-\-plugin\-url URL"
(paired with
.B \-\-plugin\-sha256
when the install policy requires it).
Bundled plugins ship with the binary (embedded at compile time, no path
lookup required).
.SH MCP SERVERS
Anvil is both an MCP client (loading external MCP tools via
.B "anvil mcp add"
or
.BR settings.json )
and an MCP server (run
.BR "anvil mcp\-server" ).
.B alwaysLoad=true
in MCP server config skips the deferred tool\-search round trip.
.B /mcp builder
launches an interactive form for composing a new MCP server entry without
hand\-editing JSON.
.SH ROUTINES
Routines are local scheduled agents.
The Routines daemon scans
.B ~/.anvil/routines/
on a cron schedule, runs each routine's prompt in its own session, and
archives the output to
.BR ~/.anvil/routines/archive/ .
Each routine consists of a YAML front\-matter (schedule, model, permission
mode, allowed tools) plus a prompt body. Manage with
.BR /routine .
.SH MEMORY
Anvil maintains a seven\-layer memory architecture under
.BR ~/.anvil/memory/ :
sensory, working, episodic, semantic, procedural, reflective, and long\-term.
QMD acts as the long\-term retrieval layer. Compaction promotes content
between layers rather than truncating. Inspect with
.BR "/memory show" ;
force a reflective pass with
.BR "/memory reflect" .
.SH OUTPUT STYLES
.B /output\-style
selects the response shape.
.B precise
is the default;
.B condensed
emits terser, caveman\-style replies. Custom styles live in
.B ~/.anvil/output\-styles/.
.SH PERMISSION MODES
Anvil's three permission postures, from safest to most permissive:
.B ask
(confirm every tool call),
.B workspace\-write
(auto\-allow edits inside the current workspace),
.B danger\-full\-access
(no prompts).
Mode is set by
.B \-\-permission\-mode,
the wizard, or
.B /permissions
mid\-session. Subagents inherit the parent's mode.
.B Bash(mkdir *)
,
.B Bash(touch *)
,
and similar allow rules in
.B settings.json
narrow ask\-mode prompts.
.SH SESSION PERSISTENCE
Every session is auto\-saved to
.B ~/.anvil/sessions/<id>.json
as turns complete. On clean exit, Anvil prints the session ID and the
.B "anvil \-\-continue"
/
.B "anvil \-\-resume <id>"
commands needed to pick it back up.
.B /fork
clones a session pointer (O(1));
.B /rename
renames the persisted name.
.SH SUPPORTED PLATFORMS
Pre\-built binaries are published for seven platforms via every release:
.IP \(bu 2
macOS aarch64 (Apple Silicon)
.IP \(bu 2
macOS x86_64 (Intel)
.IP \(bu 2
Linux x86_64
.IP \(bu 2
Linux aarch64
.IP \(bu 2
Windows x86_64 (GNU toolchain)
.IP \(bu 2
FreeBSD x86_64
.IP \(bu 2
NetBSD x86_64
.PP
FreeBSD aarch64 and OpenBSD x86_64 are source\-build targets (no rust\-std).
See
.B install/install.sh
for source\-build instructions.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Normal exit (Ctrl+C twice, /exit, /quit, or EOF).
.TP
.B 1
Generic runtime error.
.TP
.B 2
Invalid arguments or configuration.
.TP
.B 3
Authentication / vault failure.
.SH EXAMPLES
Start a REPL in the current workspace:
.IP
.B anvil
.PP
One\-shot prompt, JSON output for scripts:
.IP
.B anvil \-\-output\-format json "summarize src/main.rs"
.PP
Resume the most recent session:
.IP
.B anvil \-\-continue
.PP
Pick a model up front:
.IP
.B anvil \-\-model anthropic:claude\-sonnet\-4\-6
.PP
Run with no permission prompts (CI, trusted workspace):
.IP
.B anvil \-\-permission\-mode danger\-full\-access "run the test suite"
.PP
Re\-run first\-run setup (e.g. to change the default model):
.IP
.B anvil \-\-setup
.PP
SSH into a saved host from inside the TUI:
.IP
.B "(in REPL) /ssh prod\-bastion"
.PP
Activate a profile for this session:
.IP
.B anvil \-\-profile work
.PP
Regenerate the committed manpage (used by scripts/release.sh):
.IP
.B anvil \-\-gen\-man > man/anvil.1
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ssh (1),
.BR tmux (1),
.BR ollama (1)
.PP
Project page:
.B https://anvilhub.culpur.net/anvil
.br
Source:
.B https://github.com/culpur/anvil
.br
Issues / discussions:
.B https://github.com/culpur/anvil/issues
.SH AUTHORS
Anvil is developed by Culpur Defense
.RB ( https://culpur.net ).
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at
.B https://github.com/culpur/anvil/issues.
Run
.B /usage
inside the REPL to attach a session summary; include the output of
.B "anvil \-\-version"
in any report.
